feat(alert): dismissable alerts (#595)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: .changeset/dirty-bears-fetch.md

---
"@rhds/elements": patch
---

> Adding functionality to rh-alert to allow the internal close button to set the host element to hidden and to bubble up a close event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added behaviour to `<rh-alert>`'s close button: clicking it now removes the element.
```

Usually we don't need technical details like "this event bubbles" in the changelog, and they should be past-tense
